This project is a console application for the management of a premiership table for an Australian Rules Football League.

In this particular league, there are 8 teams, with names of t1-t8. Goals of teams presented by g1-g8. 
Behind score(score befor game) presented by b1-b8.Position in the table is determined on the basis of 
premiership points. Teams with the same number of premiership points are ranked according to percentage. 
Premiership points are awarded for each game –2 to the winning team, 0 to the losing team and if the game 
is drawn, 1 to each team. The outcome of a game is determined using the points scored by each team, where 
points = goals*6+behinds. The percentage for each team is calculated as follows:

                                percentage = score for / (score for + score against)
Where,
• score for is the total number of points scored by the team in all games played so far and
• score against is the total number of points that the opposing teams have scored in all games played so far.

The application’s Controller class is to execute (using a switch statement) the following command
options:

1. Display available commands.
2. Display current table.
3. Display selected statistics.
4. Display the entry for a specified team.
5. Display entries for teams with the same points as a specified team.
6. Add a new result.
7. Exit the application.

For 3, the statistics to be generated are
1. The team that has scored the highest number of points.
2. The team that has had the lowest number of points scored against them.
3. The average value of the points scored for all teams.

In the unlikely event that two or more teams have the highest score for or the lowest score against, it
just return the first of the teams.

For 6, the premiership table will be updated.

As it is a console application, the user will need to be prompted to enter a command and its arguments
(if any). 

After runing:
Available commands are:
1.For help press 0
2.For display entries press 1
3.For display selected statistics press 2
4.For lookup a specified team press 3 and enter team name.Example: 3 t1
5.For finding teams with same points as a specified team press 4 and enter team name.Example: 4 t8
6.For adding a new result press 5 and enter team names,scores before match,and goals.
For Example: 5 t1 2 12 t4 1 9 (team, number of goal, score before match for both teams) 
7.For quit press 9.

Sample Input:
3 t4

Sample Output:
Pos    Team    Played    Points     %     Won    Lost    Drawn     PlayedFor     PlayedAgainst
 4      t4       2         2      48.8     1       1       0           59              62